---
title: "Nick's Blog 13"
date: 2018-11-23T22:22:54-08:00
draft: false
Categories: [Project 7]
Tags: ["Nicholas Yoon", "Sandbox Worms", "Week 13"]
Author: "Nicholas Yoon"
---
With it being Thanksgiving holiday, the short week, family coming into town, and picking up some extra shifts this week at work, I'll be honest it's been a bit tough to focus on anything else this week. We discussed what our objectives would be moving forward, but need clarification from Professor Wiegley on our direction. We're all at a bit of a stand still because we're not sure what exactly it is that Professor Wiegley is requesting from us. We understand that documentation is a big part of this project, but I guess it's more of the way the network and the system is setup. I know Mark Siegmund from our group has been actively discussing options with both Professor Wiegley and Hamilton, but we need to collaborate better as a team so we can be as efficient as possible collectively instead of continuing to spin our wheels doing the same thing.

The communication between our new members has been a bit of an issue and definitely needs some work, but it's nothing too alarming momentarily. If this progresses, then we may have some upset feelings, but nothing personal, we all have our own busy lives at the end of the day. I'm sure we'll gather together this upcoming week and start brainstorming about what we should be focusing on to close out this semester. I believe the idea is to develop a plan of what we need, how we're going to execute the plan, who's going to be in charge of each stage in the plan, and how we can hold people accountable for their work. There's a lot to be discussed and I'm sure there will be many more issues that stem from the conversations we'll have.

If I remember correctly, I believe the next step is to figure out whether Firewall A and B are their own routers, switches, servers, or VMs that are working independently of one another or simultaneously. Another task is to find out what the Moodle machine is doing - what's the purpose, who uses it, what services is it providing, can we get rid of it - all of these questions will hopefully be answered within the next week or so. I need to get DHCP setup on my VM and work on setting up a dummy firewall just to practice. It won't be anything near the same as what we'll be doing on Professor Wiegley's machines, but it'll give me a sense of what to expect I think. I honestly believe that it can only do me good, hardly any harm. 